:book: Update docs monorepo (#1612)
operator-framework/operator-controller: CONTRIBUTING.md

> As you may or may not know, the Operator-Controller project aims to deliver the user experience described in the [Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) V1 Product Requirements Document (PRD)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-vsZ2dAODNfoHb7Nf0fbYeKDF7DUqEzS9HqgeMCvbDs/edit). The design requirements captured in the OLM V1 PRD were born from customer and community feedback based on the experience they had with the released version of [OLM V0](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-lifecycle-manager).

Reviewer: There are inconsistencies in how we reference OLM v1/V1 or v0/V0? Maybe stick to lowercase (OLM v1 & OLM v0) as that is the case with all the other docs.

Author: Hi @makon57,

Thank you for pointing this out—you’re absolutely right!
However, I think this might go beyond the scope of this PR.

What do you think about raising a separate PR to ensure we describe it consistently across all relevant places?
Would you like to work on that? It would be great to have your contribution to this!

The user experience captured in the OLM V1 PRD introduces many requirements that are best satisfied by a microservices architecture. The OLM V1 experience currently relies on two components:

- [Operator-Controller](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-controller/), which is the top level component allowing users to specify operators they'd like to install.
- [Catalogd](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-controller/tree/main/catalogd), which hosts operator content and helps users discover installable content.

> Each of the projects listed above have their own governance, release milestones, and release cadence. However, from a technical perspective, the "OLM V1 experience" matches the experienced offered by the operator-controller project, the top level component which depends on Catalogd.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each of the projects listed above has its own governance, release milestones, and release cadence. However, from a technical perspective, the "OLM V1 experience" matches the experience offered by the operator-controller project, the top-level component that depends on Catalogd.
```

Author: I think you made a good catcher here. 
Now that we have the mono repo, we need to remove this line.
It does not seem to make more sense.

> The user experience captured in the OLM V1 PRD introduces many requirements that are best satisfied by a microservices architecture. The OLM V1 experience currently relies on two projects:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The user experience captured in the OLM V1 PRD introduces many requirements that are best satisfied by a microservices architecture. The OLM V1 experience currently relies on two components:
```

Author: I think we need to address this improvement in a follow-up to not mix it with the mono repo updates.

But I am happy to address all of them in another PR. WDYT?

Reviewer 3: I think that Per's comment is related to the mono repo change. Catalogd and the Operator Controller are no longer separate projects, but the two components that make up OLM v1.

In that case, I think it makes sense to keep this with the mono repo changes.

> - [The Operator-Controller project](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-controller/), which is the top level component allowing users to specify operators they'd like to install.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Operator-Controller](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-controller/), which is the top level component allowing users to specify operators they'd like to install.
```

> - [The Catalogd project](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-controller/tree/main/catalogd), which hosts operator content and helps users discover installable content.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Catalogd](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-controller/tree/main/catalogd), which hosts operator content and helps users discover installable content.
```

Unsure where to submit an issue?

> - [The Operator-Controller project](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-controller/), which is the top level component allowing users to specify operators they'd like to install.

Reviewer: We should probably keep this consistent with how it is referenced above in the Overview section.
```suggestion
- [Operator-Controller](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-controller/), which is the top level component allowing users to specify operators they'd like to install.
```

> Don't worry if you accidentally submit an issue against the wrong project, if we notice that an issue would fit better with a separate project we'll move it to the correct repository and mention it in the #olm-dev slack channel.

Reviewer 4: Can likely delete this, as there is just one place/project now.

Author: Done
